General Director
Yeon-yeon and I are best friends.
Come and tease me before your relationship is done.
He got me into nuclear power.
You find out I'll handle this relationship well.
That he saved me as a kid.
I rely on a return.
What about Yeon Yeon s feelings for you?
What about what he did to you?
Did you know that he is now happily preparing for your 16th wedding every day?
General Director
First, find out who is in your heart.
Talk to you after you arrange the processing.
Secretary
I can't believe it.
Our late General Director also had a day trapped by love.
Talk to me.
Do you like your big secretary or do you like the benefactor who saved your childhood life?
Before meeting the enemy, where did I go in my dreams every day?
So now the company in your heart should be
Executive secretary full, right?
Don't worry, it's just the clerk.
I'm not confused.
Just thinking.
If I talk to you next year about giving up kissing,
It's unacceptable.
Like that.
So, man, I get it.
We can only find out for ourselves.
You're serious.
I haven't been to work in a week of snow.
Okay, I know.
Looks like he really resigned.
Let's get started.
Why did you cancel your wedding to Ninh Ninh?
Granny, don't get excited.
Can I not be excited?
Grandson, why did you cancel the wedding?
Hey, do you really like that secretary?